Documentation Restructuring (#4)
autonity/docs.autonity.org: content/docs/validators/_index.md

---
title: "Validators"
linkTitle: "Validators"
weight: 50
description: >
    Instructions for setting up and operating a validator node.
---

> A node on the Autonity can register to become a [Validator](/concepts/validator/), making it eligible for selection into the [consensus committee](/concepts/consensus/committee/) to earn rewards for proposing and finalizing blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A node on the Autonity network can be registered to become a [Validator](/concepts/validator/), making it eligible for selection into the [consensus committee](/concepts/consensus/committee/) to earn rewards for proposing and finalizing blocks.
```

Reviewer 2: Edit good, but incomplete:

>A node on the Autonity can be registered to become a

Change to:

>A node on an Autonity network can be registered to become a

Reviewer: updated
